
 Okay, so I have some ideas that can be like, "Predictivity hacks" using Whisper and I guess probably a cloud server. So what I'm thinking is, you have like a smartphone app that you can essentially turn on and start recording yourself and then when you're done recording, so like, yeah. So like, it could be like ideas and anything that you got on your mind. It could be like a "diarization" type of tool. It could be, you know, you could have like, coding ideas or creative ideas, anything. Anything you might want to be recorded and stored. So anyway, you use this app and you like hit like a record button and you start recording. And when you're done, you hit stop. And what happens is this, that file gets sent to a cloud server that is hosting or doing whatever in communication with this app. And on the server, it has Whisper.cpp and it transcribes the audio. And then you can have like a whole plethora of different pathways that this text can go to. So like, for instance, you can have it get summarized and turn it into bullet points and like organize it by a specific way. And using a large language model, trying to do so, for summarization tasks, you can, you know, if we end up training our own sort of like coding language model, we could have it output like if we do some sort of like, you know, like command that would trigger, trigger like a code snippet. It would like take a prompt that you say like start coding now. And then you begin your coding prompt and you say end coding prompt. And then it would like, you know, take that data and run it through like a, like a yeah, a llama cpp thing and output some, so like Python code or whatever. Like, let's say you're just trying to make like an application or do x, y, z. I mean, it'll take all that stuff and it'll store it on either that, the server on the cloud or maybe you can have it hooked up with your computer at home and synced. It could like populate your, or it could populate your github and update it with like new note. And then it could also, you could also have it do like, go down like a, like enter into a prompt for image generation and then you can give you like a bunch of images or something like that. Like, let's say I like some like, I want to like describe something or have some, some image created for what's whatever reason or, or pretty much anything that can be done with our current models via text prompt prompt. We can have it output and then store. And yeah, it would just be a tool and like, you know, use it whenever you usually drive in. You can, I can like have like meetings with like Connor and we can be talking and having all these like disparate ideas and then, you know, it can get organized and synthesized in a way that's like, intelligible and referenceable and actually like pulls out the meat of our disparate ramblings. Yeah. Let's see. What else? I guess all in all, it's kind of like a virtual assistant, right? But all the tools will be built by us. And we'd be using like a cloud server to host it all or if you find up getting my own GPU or whatever we can, I can host it at home. Yeah, so I guess that that's the idea. [BLANK_AUDIO]
